docs: add info about prebuild to installation steps (#6340)
software-mansion/react-native-reanimated: packages/docs-reanimated/docs/fundamentals/getting-started.mdx

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Alternatively, you can dive into [our examples](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-reanimated/tree/3.14.0/apps/common-app/src/examples) on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can dive into [our examples](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-reanimated/tree/main/apps/common-app/src/examples) on GitHub.
```
what do you think? 🤔

Author: im not a fan of linking to main
eg. when we changed to monorepo the link was still working correctly because it was anchored to a tag
